chore(docs): add docs for api v2.10 (#7754)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/docs/v2/versioning.rst

Version 2.9
+++++++++++
- You can now access certain geometry data regarding a labware's well via a Well Object. See :ref:`new-labware-well-properties` for more information.

Version 2.10
++++++++++++

> - In Python protocols requesting API version 2.10, moving to the same well with two pipettes no longer results in strange diagonal movements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Python protocols requesting API version 2.10, moving to the same well twice in a row with different pipettes no longer results in strange diagonal movements.
```

Possible clarifying change. Either way, looks good to me.
